feat: add `dms-healthcheck` script for container health checks (#4706)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

  - `ENABLE_QUOTAS=1` - When an alias has multiple addresses, the first local mailbox address found will be used for the Dovecot dummy account workaround ([#4581](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4581))
  - Change Detection service - Added support for responding to updated DMS config (_Rspamd and TLS certificates_) to `ACCOUNT_PROVISIONER=LDAP` ([#4627](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4627))
  - The `Dockerfile` has changed the source of `dovecot-fts-xapian` package from the [upstream Github repo source](https://github.com/grosjo/fts-xapian) (_which is presently unaccessible_) to instead use the [Debian package source files](https://deb.debian.org/debian/pool/main/d/dovecot-fts-xapian/) (#4700)

>   - Improved service healthcheck capabilities to validate against the services the running instance has actually enabled. Pre-requiste to resolve an outstanding edge case from [docker-mailserver-helm](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver-helm/pull/135) ([#4706](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4706)) 

Reviewer: Reworded it for better clarity to our users reading the changelog:

```suggestion
  - Added the command `dms-healthcheck` to ease implementing a healthcheck for services enabled in DMS. ([#4706](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4706))
    - Includes a default [`HEALTHCHECK`](https://docs.docker.com/reference/dockerfile/#healthcheck) in the `Dockerfile` for container runtimes that support it.
    - Runtimes like k8s or podman must configure a healthcheck explicitly. The DMS Helm chart (`docker-mailserver-helm`) will be [updated to use `dms-healthcheck`](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver-helm/pull/135).
```

FWIW the edge case you referenced is just that the current helm check runs `grep` on the status output, only to verify if any single service is `RUNNING` (_thus a bug rather than an edge-case_) 😅

Author: Agreed re: the checking of service statuses, and that this is an improvement overall against that. What sent me down this rabbit hole in the first place was a weird case (my edge case) where the double grep syntax used was hanging in my production deployment and causing the pod to fail out at random intervals. We're solving for both here :)
